A simple Mario-inspired platformer game built using HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. This game features basic platformer mechanics such as player movement, jumping, and collision detection with platforms.

Features
Player Movement: Move left and right using arrow keys.
Jumping: Jump using the space bar.
Platforms: Basic collision detection with platforms.
Responsive Design: Adaptable to different screen sizes.
Getting Started
Prerequisites
To run this project locally, you need a web browser. No additional software is required.

Installation
Clone the Repository

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/yourusername/mario-like-platformer.git
Navigate to the Project Directory

bash
Copy code
cd mario-like-platformer
Open the HTML File

Open index.html in your preferred web browser to play the game.

Usage
Arrow Left/Arrow Right: Move the player left or right.
Space Bar: Jump.
Contributing
Contributions are welcome! Please follow these steps to contribute:

Fork the Repository

Click the "Fork" button at the top-right corner of the repository page.

Create a Branch

bash
Copy code
git checkout -b feature/your-feature-name
Make Changes

Make your changes to the codebase.

Commit Your Changes

bash
Copy code
git add .
git commit -m "Add a descriptive commit message"
Push to Your Fork

bash
Copy code
git push origin feature/your-feature-name
Create a Pull Request

Go to the original repository and create a pull request from your forked repository.

License
This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.

Contact
For any questions or comments, please contact Your Name.

Notes:
Replace placeholders like yourusername, your.feature.name, and your.email@example.com with your actual GitHub username, feature branch names, and email address.
Add more details to sections like features, usage, and contributing based on your project's specifics.
Include screenshots or GIFs if applicable, especially for a game, to give users a visual idea of what to expect.
Feel free to modify and expand this template to suit your project's needs!